RFE: Allow setting environment variables via operator
For quite a few cases the option to supply environment variables via operator would be really useful. Especially for corporate proxies, but also secrets. 
I suggest something simple in the form of:
```yaml
environment:
  - name: VAR
    value: VAL
  - name: VAR2
    configmapRef:
      name: public
      key: key
  - name: VAR3
    secretKeyRef:
      name: secret
      key: key
```
Which, while verbose, should translate well to the actual deployments. I could imagine this as global for all deployments or service specific.
@lhw You envision these for the operator container or the actual argocd components?
Hey. Thanks for your work on this project.

I meant these mostly for the ArgoCD components themselves. I skimmed the operator source code and couldn't find any way to add generic environment variables to the resulting deployments. I based my suggestion on the vault-operator here.
I could see this being useful even for making values available to the build environment while using `config-management-plugins`, especially if you happen to also be using your own custom build of the `repo-server` image.

@lhw In your example above, you mention being able to read these values from secrets/configmaps. I would assume that the user would be responsible for creating those outside of the scope of the operator, but is that how you're also imagining that this would work?
Separating the secrets from the deployment is a good practice in my opinion. The way we add secrets to the deployment namespaces in most of our cases is using bitnamis sealedsecrets or godaddys external-secrets. This way no secret is found anywhere in a non-encrypted form outside the cluster. And inside the cluster we can easily limit the access to these secrets as well.

Syntax-wise this should translate well to the deployment itself, being a basically 1:1 copy. 
Being able to use a separate secret for dex client secrets or even external TLS would be great addition, or argocd root password from secret even
